Dynamixel SDK emanual update (#1823)
ROBOTIS-GIT/emanual: docs/en/software/dynamixel/dynamixel_sdk/device_setup.md

![](/assets/images/parts/interface/u2d2_01.jpg)  

# [USB2DYNAMIXEL Driver Installation](#usb2dynamixel-driver-installation)
**NOTE** : Recent Linux include the kernel which contains the FT232RL driver for the FTDI driver used by the U2D2. **Most Linux users won't need to install the driver manually.**
{: .notice}

Windows users need to install the FTDI driver to enable USB-to-serial communication.  
Install the latest VCP driver from the [FTDI Driver Download page](http://www.ftdichip.com/Drivers/VCP.htm).  

# [Connecting The Motor](#connecting-the-motor)
Please use an SMPS that matches the operating voltage of the motor you are using.
* 12V for `X Series` (also for `AX`, `EX`, `RX`, and `MX` series)
* 24V for `P` and `Y` series  

## [How to connect the motor](#how-to-connect-the-motor)
Connect as shown below.  
You can either daisy-chain the U2D2 and Power Hub Board (PHB) to the motor, or connect them separately.  
![](/assets/images/sw/sdk/dynamixel_sdk/device_setup/dynamixel_connection.png)  

You can connect multiple DYNAMIXELs in a daisy-chain configuration as shown below.  
![](/assets/images/sw/sdk/dynamixel_sdk/device_setup/dynamixel_multi_connection.jpg)  

> **NOTE** : You should match the port according to whether your DYNAMIXEL supports TTL or RS485.  

Reviewer: Why don't you unify the name rs-485
```suggestion
**NOTE** : You should match the port according to whether your DYNAMIXEL supports TTL or RS-485.  
```

Author: https://github.com/ROBOTIS-GIT/emanual/commit/e2d15c3269d054d67586beb9dd210eb49410a350

`TTL`: TTL-based DYNAMIXEL's have 3 pin connectors  
`RS485`: RS485-based DYNAMIXEL's have 4 pin connectors.  
![](/assets/images/sw/sdk/dynamixel_sdk/device_setup/dynamixel_3pin_4pin.png)
{: .notice--info}  

# [Verifying Connection](#verifying-connection)
Once all the above settings are complete, you can use the `Dynamixel wizard 2.0` to ensure the connection is working properly  

**DON'T SKIP THIS STEP!**  
**For checking and setting Motor ID, this process is essential.**  

> {: .notice--warning}

Author: https://github.com/ROBOTIS-GIT/emanual/pull/1823/commits/e2d15c3269d054d67586beb9dd210eb49410a350
